clarify "opennlp evaluation test data" in opennlp-dl/README.md (#560)
apache/opennlp: opennlp-dl/README.md

**Important**: This does not provide the ability to train models. Model training is done outside of OpenNLP. This code provides the ability to use ONNX models from OpenNLP.

> Models used in the tests are available in the [opennlp evaluation test data](???) directory.

Author: ```suggestion
Models used in the tests are available in the [opennlp evaluation test data](https://nightlies.apache.org/opennlp/opennlp-data.zip) location.
```
